✨ Add a more realistic sample application to /examples (#460)
DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter: examples/simple_example/ios/Runner/Assets.xcassets/LaunchImage.imageset/README.md

> # Launch Screen Assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Customizing Launch Screen Assets
```

You can customize the launch screen with your own desired assets by replacing the image files in this directory.

> You can also do it by opening your Flutter project's Xcode project with `open ios/Runner.xcworkspace`, selecting `Runner/Assets.xcassets` in the Project Navigator and dropping in the desired images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize the launch screen directly in your Flutter project's Xcode project with the following steps:

1. Open your Xcode project:`open ios/Runner.xcworkspace`. 
2. Select `Runner/Assets.xcassets` in the Project Navigator.
3.  Place your images into the `Runner/Assets.xcassets` location.
```
Just a suggestion to break this into numbered steps.
